README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|94|[ Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)|[Java](./solutions/94.%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal.java)|0 ms|
|98|[ Validate Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/98.%20Validate%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|101|[ Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/101.%20Symmetric%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|110|[ Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/110.%20Balanced%20Binary%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|114|[ Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/)|[Java](./solutions/114.%20Flatten%20Binary%20Tree%20to%20Linked%20List.java)|0 ms|
|144|[ Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)|[Java](./solutions/144.%20Binary%20Tree%20Preorder%20Traversal.java)|0 ms|
|230|[ Kth Smallest Element in a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/)|[Java](./solutions/230.%20Kth%20Smallest%20Element%20in%20a%20BST.java)|0 ms|
|235|[ Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/235.%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.java)|4 ms|

Commit message:

105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal, 1 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|94|[ Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)|[Java](./solutions/94.%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal.java)|0 ms|
|98|[ Validate Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/98.%20Validate%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|101|[ Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/101.%20Symmetric%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|105|[ Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)|[Java](./solutions/105.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20and%20Inorder%20Traversal.java)|1 ms|
|110|[ Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/110.%20Balanced%20Binary%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|114|[ Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/)|[Java](./solutions/114.%20Flatten%20Binary%20Tree%20to%20Linked%20List.java)|0 ms|
|144|[ Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)|[Java](./solutions/144.%20Binary%20Tree%20Preorder%20Traversal.java)|0 ms|
|230|[ Kth Smallest Element in a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/)|[Java](./solutions/230.%20Kth%20Smallest%20Element%20in%20a%20BST.java)|0 ms|
|235|[ Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/235.%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.java)|4 ms|
